(techno music)
- Nana, I can't believe
you actually came here.
- DJ Matsushita is so
awesome, so cool, and so hot.
- If you like him, then
why don't you tell him?
If you're lucky, maybe he'll
even agree to go out with you.
- Are you kidding?
You see how popular he is with
the women?
Rumor has it that he's with a
different woman every night.
He's an enemy to women
everywhere. What a jerk.
- Then don't fall in love with
him.
- Hey, I've heard that advice
before.
You know, you sound a
lot like Junko sometimes,
maybe I should start calling you
Shojun.
- No one could help giving
a girl like you advice.
- It's interesting,
but ever since Jun started
going out with Kyosuke
she doesn't talk to me
the same way anymore.
She's toned down a bit.
Guess that's what love can
do, (giggles) but that's okay.
I've got you as my friend now,
Shoji.
- [Shoji] I guess I'm just
a replacement for Junko.
- So, Shojun, why did you come
and get me?
- I wish you wouldn't call me
that.
I was out having a drink
with Kyosuke and Junko
and I thought you might wanna
join us.
I didn't want you to think
we were leaving you out
on purpose.
- Yay, let's go!
I'd love a drink.
- You know what? We always
seem to end up drinking.
Sometime we should do
something completely different.
Like go to the beach.
- The beach?
- Summer vacation's nearly here.
Why don't the four of us
take a somewhere?
- [Both] The beach!
(waves crashing)
(rock music)
- Ah, being at the beach is
awesome.
Reminds me of being a kid.
I'm bored of seeing
mountains all the time.
- (giggles) I know what you
mean.
It's nice to have a change.
- (yawns) I think I
need to go to bed soon.
- Oh, really, Jun?
We'll get going and
see you in the morning.
- What are you talking about?
I thought you were gonna be
sleeping
in this room with Junko.
- I've given my bed to Kyosuke.
I'm sleeping in your
room with you.
- What! What do you mean
sleep in my room?
- You really don't get
it, do you?
- What?
- Hurry up. Let's go.
- Well, that was pretty easy.
I guess there was no
reason to worry about them.
- I wouldn't be so sure
about that.
- [Nana] Ah!
- Okay, you've got some
explaining to do.
- Everything's gonna be fine.
You sleep in one bed and
I'll sleep in the other.
I'm not gonna jump you.
If you like, I can sing you a
lullaby,
just like your grandma does.
- I don't need you to sing!
You might be fine with this,
but I'm not.
What if I jump on you?
- But why would you?
- Yeah, what do you mean why?
- [Nana] We're just friends,
right?
- (sighs) Hey, Nana, you
really haven't caught a clue
about men and how they operate,
have you?
A guy can sleep with a girl
without having any
feelings for her.
(melancholy music)
- I know that. Only too well.
- Oh.
- [Nana] But I thought you were
different
from other guys, Shoji.
Jun told me you weren't like
that.
- I don't know what Junko told
you,
but I'm a guy and that's
the way that I am.
Oh, man. What are you crying
for?
- Because I really like you,
Shoji
and I don't want you to be
like all those other guys.
- When you say that you like me,
Nana,
do you mean like me like me,
or just like me as a friend?
- As a friend, of course.
You're the best guy friend
I've ever had in my life.
I don't see you as just a male.
I see you as a human being.
But even though he's a human
being, he's still a male.
So maybe it's not a good idea
to sleep in the same room.
I should never have suggested
it.
It's hard for a guy and a
girl to be just friends.
Isn't it, Shojun?
(sighs)
But we can give it a shot.
Well, I suppose I should
be getting back to my room.
- Wait, Nana, that's not a good
idea!
They're probably, you know...
- Oh, right. What do I do?
How long do you think
they're gonna be going at it?
- Don't ask me. I got no idea.
- What are we gonna do?
- Hmm.
All right, listen to me.
You're gonna sleep there.
And I'll sleep over here in this
bed.
- No, we can't do that.
It's too dangerous.
- There's no need to worry.
- Why not?
- You just said a minute ago
you don't want me to be like
all the other guys, right?
So it's obvious I need
to earn your trust again
for the sake of our friendship.
Goodnight.
- [Nana] Shoji.
I love you.
♪ Sleep now, little baby ♪
♪ Sleep, my child ♪
- You don't have to sing.
(Shojun laughs)
I don't see what's so funny.
I didn't sleep at all last
night.
- So, Shojun was a good boy?
- I wish you wouldn't call me
that.
- Promise me you'll always
take good care of Nana, okay?
- Yeah. Yeah.
But the two of us are
just friends, you know?
- Now I can go to Tokyo
knowing there's someone to look
after her.
- Jun!
Aren't you coming in? I
want you to swim with me.
- [Junko] (sighs) Okay. Okay!
- [Kyosuke] Don't lie in the sun
too long
or you're gonna regret it later.
- Kyosuke, is Junko really going
to Tokyo?
- Yeah, you heard about that.
- What's she going for?
Is it just a trip or is it long
term?
- She's applying for art
school there next year.
If she doesn't get in,
she'll go to a prep school.
- Junko will get into
art school, no problem.
But what about you?
Aren't you gonna miss her?
You seem pretty cool about it.
- Yeah, I'm cool with it,
'cause I'm going with her.
(Nana giggles)
- (wailing) No, no, no, no, no!
I don't want you to go, Jun!
- What about me? Aren't
you gonna try and stop me?
- Right, if you decide not to
go,
then maybe she won't go either.
Please don't go, Kyosuke!
Please don't go!
- That's enough, Nana.
Whether Kyosuke there or not
isn't gonna change a thing.
I'm serious about studying art
and that's why I'm going
to school in Tokyo.
It's my life. I don't need
you telling me what to do.
- (sobs) Sorry, I didn't mean
to.
(Junko sighs)
She's right, of course.
Everything she says is right.
I'll so lonely without her.
I'll feel even worse than
did on that snowy night.
- Hmm.
You know, Nana, I think I want
to try
and get into an art school in
Tokyo too.
Why don't you do the same?
- No way, this is awesome.
I never knew there were so many
art schools to choose from.
I mean, there's gotta be
one that'll accept me.
- Yeah, so why not apply to all
of them?
- Even if I don't get into
one of the university programs
I can always try another
technical college.
- Why would you want to do that?
If you can't go to
university, what's the point?
- This is my life we're talking
about
and I don't need you
telling me what to do.
Ow!
(Kyosuke and Shoji groan)
Why'd you do that?
All I wanna do is go
to Tokyo with you guys.
- You can do what you want.
It doesn't make any difference
to me
how your life turns out.
- (gasps) Oh, Jun!
- [Junko] Why are you
so happy about the fact
that I don't give a damn?
- [Nana] I have to work really
hard.
No more staying out late.
Farewell Dj Matsushita.
No time for romance. I gotta get
to Tokyo.
Besides, there's tons of
guys there and cool shops.
It's gonna be great.
This is the start of our
magical Tokyo adventure.
Right, Jun?
(buzzing)
- [Shoji] I guess life doesn't
always work out as planned.
- But it's not fair. I studied
so hard.
How come I couldn't even
get into one school?
Fate is against me.
- This has got nothing to do
with fate.
- You guys are lucky.
You got into the school you
wanted
and you'll go to all
kinds of cool parties.
- I didn't apply to university
just so I could go to parties.
- But, Nana, I thought you said
it didn't have to be a
university.
So what happened to enrolling
at a technical college?
- My parents said they'd
only pay my tuition
if I was going to university.
- Then you'll have to wait
another year and apply again.
- I don't really care about art
school.
I just wanted to stay
in Tokyo with you guys.
What should I do?
- Hmm.
- [Junko] You guys mind if
we head back to the hotel?
I wanna get up early tomorrow
and start looking for an
apartment.
- [Kyosuke] Fine with me.
- Hey, Nana, we've come
all this way to Tokyo.
We should check out a few of the
sites.
- Okay.
Where should we start?
- Hey, guys, why don't
you go ahead without us?
- Sure, but you better not drink
too much.
- Listen to him. Always
worrying about someone else.
- Tokyo is amazing.
I can't believe there are so
many people
still on the streets when
it's so late at night.
Makes me feel like I'm
a total country girl.
- Well, you are a country girl.
Speaking of which, I wanted
to make a suggestion.
Don't you think the best thing
to do
might be to stay at the art
school back home next year?
- Are you kidding? I wanna
move to Tokyo no matter what.
- It's just, I feel responsible
for putting you in this mess.
I never should have suggested
it in the first place.
I think maybe you'd be better
off
if you stayed back at home.
- Absolutely not!
- Hmm. Do you really wanna
be with Junko that much?
- Not just her.
Aren't you going to be
in Tokyo as well, Shoji?
- Yeah, I was planning to stay
here and go to a prep school.
Then take the university exams
again.
- Then I'm coming to live in
Tokyo too.
If my parents won't give me any
money
I'll just have to find a
job so I can support myself.
- (sighs) Do you know what
the hell you're talking about?
That's totally crazy.
- It's not crazy. I can make
this work, I know I can.
- But you don't have any money!
How do you think you're gonna
survive?
- I already told you, I'll get a
job.
- What about your rent?
You're gonna need a lot of money
to pay your deposit up front.
You're not a kid anymore.
I shouldn't have to tell you
this stuff.
Why don't you get real for once?
- Then I'll go to prep school
like you.
If I do that, maybe my
parents would help out
with some money-
- Just listen to yourself.
Don't go to prep school for
nothing.
- Then what should I do?
- Go back home and stay there.
- But if I go back home
aren't you gonna be
lonely here without me?
- I will not be lonely! I'll be
relieved!
(gasps)
What am I to you anyway?
You get all teary eyed
whenever it suits you,
but you never stop to
think about my feelings
or how you might be messing
around with my heart.
You want some nice guy
to be part of your life
but only if it's on your terms.
All this talk of just
being friends with a guy?
Don't make me laugh!
(melancholy music)
- [Nana] I have to get back to
the hotel.
But I don't know where it is.
When I was with Shoji,
I never paid any attention
to where we were going
because he always led the way.
I guess it was a mistake
to rely on him that much.
And now, I don't have a clue
where I am.
- [Takashi] Nana?
(gasps)
- [Nana] That's right. I'm in
Tokyo.
It can't be.
- I thought it was you.
Nana, what's the matter?
What are you doing here in
Tokyo?
(shudders, sobs)
- It's over man.
- She drove me to the edge
and I kind of snapped!
I just couldn't help it!
- I totally understand why
you got upset with her,
but I can't believe you left her
in the middle of the city like
that!
What were you thinking?
- The streets are well lit
and there are tons of people
around.
She should find her way.
- That is so not the point.
You should just shut up.
Since you can't figure it
out yourself, let me help.
Nana's in love with you.
- What? That's impossible.
- (groans) Imagine what she
feels like.
The man she loves telling
her she can't be with him?
Think of the effect that'd have
on her.
- I always thought that Nana
might have a thing for me,
but I just put it down
to wishful thinking.
- What's with that man?
You should know by now
if Junko tells you something
like that, it's true.
- Hmm.
- [Kyosuke] Hm?
(sighs) Some people need
to think before they act.
- So you applied to different
art schools.
- Yeah, but I didn't get into
any of them.
I really don't know what to do
next.
I kind of had my heart
set on moving to Tokyo.
Oh, don't worry. I'm not
following you or anything.
I would never ever cause you any
trouble.
I'm not gonna turn into
some crazy stalker.
- (giggles) You know something,
Nana? You haven't changed.
- Really? You don't think I've
changed?
Look at my hair, my clothes.
I look more like a kid now
than when I was in high school.
It's pretty embarrassing to
have you see me like this.
- I think that style
suits you better, Nana.
- You think so? It looks okay?
- [Takashi] But the way you
speak hasn't changed at all.
- Oh?
- I would never ever
cause you any trouble?
I'm not some crazy stalker?
Don't worry.
You said that every time we got
together.
It made things difficult.
- Really? Why?
(gentle music)
Well, I'm not the only one who
hasn't changed around here.
Every time I'd ask what's wrong,
you'd go all silent on me.
- Hmm.
- It was hard for me. I never
knew what you were thinking.
- I guess you're right.
Sorry about that.
- What a strange feeling.
I thought I really hated
this guy,
but after seeing him again,
I don't feel that way at all.
Maybe what we had before
wasn't a lie.
I really loved him. And I think
he might felt the same way.
Just a little.
And that's okay.
I should accept it.
I don't have to feel
sad about it.
Aha, right! This is great.
I definitely recognize this
corner.
- Go straight ahead and
you'll get to your hotel.
- Mr. Asano, how are you?
- Huh?
- What are you doing out so
late?
Not only that, who's this
young lady you're with?
I guess I'm gonna have to tell
your pretty wife about this.
- Then I'll have to buy you
dinner to keep your mouth shut.
- Well, all right,
we got a deal!
(giggles) I'll see you later.
- Shouldn't you have made up
some excuse?
- Don't worry. He doesn't
suspect a thing.
He was just kidding around.
If I made some excuse, then
it would've seemed suspicious.
- I see he dealt with
that guy so smoothly.
Makes me wonder if he has
affairs all the time, hmm.
At least now I know you gave
me your real name, I'm glad.
- What?
- Nothing. Just talking to
myself.
I guess I should get back
to my hotel.
(melancholy music)
Don't cheat on your wife
anymore.
- I'll try not to.
- Glad to hear it.
Not that I should be the one
telling you this (giggles).
Goodbye, Takashi.
It's true. I really
did love you.
It's all right. No more tears.
(phone rings)
(sighs) What a stupid ring tone.
I gotta change it sometime.
Hello! This is Nana!
- Hey, sounds like everything's
all right.
- [Nana] Kyosuke?
- Wow, you sound pretty happy.
Guess that means he found you.
- He found me? Who found me?
- [Kyosuke] So he hasn't found
you. Didn't think he would.
Where are you?
- For a minute there I thought
he was talking about Takashi.
I'm not far from the hotel.
I'll be back there really soon.
- [Kyosuke] Junko and Shoji got
worried
and started a search
party to try and find you
about an hour ago.
- Huh?
- [Kyosuke] When they find you
it's gonna be like some bad TV
soap opera.
- You never think about my
feelings!
- I'm really sorry. I didn't
mean for this to happen.
- [Kyosuke] It's fine. You
don't have to apologize to me.
- I just thought... (sobs)
- Don't waste your tears on me.
- [Nana] Yeah, but-
- It's all right. Shoji is
totally in love with you.
- Don't lie to me!
- [Kyosuke] You're the one
who's lying and you know it.
- Kyosuke, do you have any
idea where Shoji is right now?
- He could be anywhere,
though he's probably within
walking distance of the hotel.
Why don't you come back
up to the room, okay?
Huh?
(knocking)
- No luck, Kyosuke. Can't find
her!
We better hurry and try and
reach her on her cell phone.
- So you finally figured
that out.
- [Nana] The truth is,
I've always loved him.
From the first moment our eyes
met,
but I was getting over my
previous breakup back then.
Okay, so I was a bit
selfish playing the victim,
but the pain inside was real.
I guess I was afraid,
afraid of getting close to
someone again.
But looking back, whenever
I was with you, Shoji,
I felt like you were healing me.
I didn't realize it,
but you had wrapped me
up inside your heart.
Now I want you to embrace
me with that same warmth.
All your strength.
Shoji. Shoji!
(singing in foreign language)
(gentle music)